Added Intros for REST API Pages (#8371)
github/docs: content/rest/reference/licenses.md

---
title: Licenses

> intro: 'The Licenses API lets you to retrieve popular open source licenses and information about a particular project's license file.'

Reviewer: Same fix here
```suggestion
intro: "The Licenses API lets you to retrieve popular open source licenses and information about a particular project's license file."
```
